Feat(eos_designs)!: Platform and Fabric variables to adjust update wait-for-convergence and update wait-install (#2855)
aristanetworks/ansible-avd: ansible_collections/arista/avd/docs/porting-guides/4.x.x.md

      # - graceful-restart <--- remove this item to avoid duplicates
```

> A new key, `bgp_update_wait_install: <bool> -> default true` was introduced to implement the best practice of enable router bgp `update wait-install` in default and per vrf when the vrf contains configured neighbors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With AVD version 4.0.0, the default configuration generated by `eos_designs` have `update wait-install` configured under `router_bgp` and BGP VRF definitions for VRFs containing BGP peerings.
```
